2
3
2
Dio Brando, Jonathan Joestar,
The stone mask caused Dio to turn into a vampire. Jonathan became a ripple warrior
and destroyed stone mask. Dio was then put into a stone casket, sealed away for 150 
Dio Brando,
My father Darius abused me and my mother for years, so I poisoned him and 
killed him. I used the stone mask to transcend humanity and become a vampire.|
Antonio Zeppeli,
I became a vampire hunter because a vampire killed my fellow shipmen. Death 
to the vampire that killed my family.|
4
3
Isaac Traxler,
The world of Cyberpunk is a good illustration of where America's youth is headed for.
constant information bombardment.  Each youth has at least a smart phone and a constant
need to check for texts, missed calls, Twitter, etc.   This need leads to texting when
Ken Don,
The first line of output should start with the word "Case" followed by the number 
representing which collection you are working on.  The next F lines are the words 
using that word, and at the end of the author list a closing square bracket (']'). 
Each line above is printed in order of the frequency of the words from the most 
frequent word first down to the least frequent of the F words requested.  In the 
example below 'F' is 2 so you will have two lines in the first collection.  If there 
is words with the same frequency you will print them in alphabetic order.
Isaac Traxler, Kathy Traxler,
There is only one dumb question.  This is the question that you don't ask.  You want 
to, you are pretty sure that the answer is important but you just can't ask.  
Whether you are a student, and employee or an employer if you don't ask that question 
you will never know the answer and the answer can change how your whole world is 
shaped.  This answer could connect you and change the way the person you are talking 
to views their world.  So ask the question!
Isaac Traxler, Ken Don,
Programming Contest is an excellent way to learn the skills required for the "real 
world" of programmers, team leads, architects and plain old problem solvers.  
Programming contest is on place where you actually have to work on a team.  One 
computer, 8 problems, three contestants and you have a scheduling nightmare, a time 
time management skill and many others.